This file is a text transcription of the information published at https://vju.vnu.edu.vn/tai-lieu-va-huong-dan/, and the authoritative content is the version available there.

**Vietnam National University, Hanoi** **VIETNAM-JAPAN UNIVERSITY**

**SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM** **Independence - Freedom - Happiness**

*Number: 259 /HD-DHVN* *Hanoi, April 3, 2024*

# INSTRUCT

**Using foreign language certificates and certifications in confirming
output standards and teaching foreign language courses for full-time
university students of VJU2020 and VJU2021 courses at Vietnam-Japan
University**

Pursuant to Decision No. 1186/QD-TTg dated July 21, 2014 of the Prime
Minister on the establishment of Vietnam-Japan University under Vietnam
National University, Hanoi; Pursuant to Decision No. 391/QD-TTg dated
March 31, 2017 of the Prime Minister on the Regulations on organization
and operation of Vietnam-Japan University, Vietnam National University,
Hanoi; Pursuant to Decision No. 5115/QD-VNU dated December 25, 2014 of
the Director of Vietnam National University, Hanoi on promulgating the
Regulations on university training at Vietnam National University,
Hanoi; Pursuant to Official Dispatch No. 4116/VNU-DT dated December 14,
2021 Guiding standards on foreign language proficiency in university
training organizations of Vietnam National University, Hanoi; Pursuant
to Instruction No. 784/DHVN-DT dated October 9, 2020 of the President of
Vietnam-Japan University on organizing the teaching of foreign language
courses in university training programs; Pursuant to Official Dispatch
No. 861/DHVN-DT dated March 14, 2024 of the Director of VNU on covering
foreign language course scores for students of the QH.2021 course and
earlier;

Vietnam-Japan University provides instructions on the use of foreign
language certificates and certifications in confirming output standards
and teaching foreign language courses for full-time university students
of the VJU2020 and VJU2021 courses at the University as follows:

### 1. Applicable subjects:

Full-time university students of VJU2020 and VJU2021.

### 2. Confirm output standards

Before graduating, students need to submit a certificate or
certification of foreign language proficiency according to the
Vietnamese Foreign Language Proficiency Framework in accordance with the
output standards of the training program (CTƒêT), specifically:

  ---------------------------------------------------------------
  TT              Training        Vietnam Foreign 
                  program         Language        
                                  Proficiency     
                                  Framework       
  --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
                                  **English**     **Japanese**

  1               Japanese        Level 3         Level 4
                  Studies                         

  2               Computer        Level 4         
                  Science and                     
                  Engineering                     
  ---------------------------------------------------------------

- List of certificates and diplomas recognized at Hanoi National
  University in Appendix 1 of this Guide. *Note: Valid certificates and
  diplomas are valid for 2 years from the date of the exam.*

### 3. Recognition of learning outcomes for foreign language courses within the training program framework

#### 3.1. High-quality training program in Computer Science and Engineering

Students who submit valid English certificates will have their learning
results recognized for English B1 and English B2 courses in the General
Knowledge Block (M1) as follows:

  --------------------------------------------------------------
  TT        Vietnam       The results  Courses with Course code
            Foreign       are          recognized   
            Language      recognized   results      
            Proficiency                             
            Framework                               
  --------- ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
  1         Level 3       Obtain       English B1   FLF1107

  2         Level 4       Obtain       English B1,  FLF1107,
                                       English B2   FLF1108
  --------------------------------------------------------------

#### 3.2. High-quality training program in Japanese studies

**a) English** - Only the recognition of learning outcomes for the
English B1 course (FLF1107) in the Subject Knowledge Block is applicable
to the VNU-Tests certificate (Foreign language proficiency assessment
test for professional communication orientation at Vietnam National
University, Hanoi). Other foreign language certificates are not
applicable. - Recognition of learning outcomes for the VNU-Tests
certificate is as follows:

  --------------------------------------------------------------
  TT                   Test format          Recognized points
  -------------------- -------------------- --------------------
  1                    English level 3      9.0

  2                    English level 4      10.0
  --------------------------------------------------------------

**b) Japanese** - Students shall comply with Clause 3.1, Article 3 of
Instruction No. 784/DHVN-DT dated October 9, 2020 on Organizing the
teaching of foreign language subjects in university-level training
programs for Japanese B1 and Japanese B2 subjects in the General
Knowledge Block (M1). - List of certificates and accreditations
recognized at Vietnam National University, Hanoi in Appendix 1 of this
Instruction.

### 3. Some information to note

- The foreign language certificate must be valid at the time of
  submission. Students must submit 01 notarized copy of the certificate
  to the Department of Training and Student Affairs (Room 501, My Dinh
  Campus). Students taking the JLPT exam must submit a Certificate
  Appraisal Authorization Form according to the form in Appendix 2.
- In case the student\'s name is already in the Decision on recognition
  of output standards of the School, it is NOT necessary to re-submit
  the certificate.
- Online foreign language certificates and diplomas are not recognized
  at Vietnam-Japan University.
- Vietnam Japan University encourages students to submit their
  certificates and diplomas early to ensure timely assessment of
  certificates and diplomas before graduation.
- For any questions regarding the submission of certificates, students
  should contact directly the Department of Training and Student Affairs
  (email: phongdaotao@st.vju.ac.vn). Sincerely inform./.

**Recipients:** - Principal (for reporting); - Faculties, functional
departments (for reporting); - Filed: VT, DT&CTSV, QH04.

**KT. PRINCIPAL** **Vice Principal** *(signed)* **Nguyen Hoang Oanh**
